it began as just another day on the
south side of Chicago all right now
listen up give me wallet in your Jordan
won't be no problem hey boys long sit
there became an extraordinary day at the
barbershop
I need a cut little off the top long in
the back but not quite no shag slope to
the love like Gumby Eddie Munster in
front of a white cliff on the right come
on hook that up [ __ ] from MGM Pictures
and the producers of soul food and Men
of Honor you wonder how I really feel
about you just think about that baby
face saw which one young adult it would
all of them baby if you don't pay the
property taxes the bank is gonna
foreclose on the shop I made your father
the same offer but you a better
businessman you got this how could you
sell this place you know we're trying to
get our recording studio off the ground
you can't give this up Ice Cube your
father wouldn't put up with this mess do
I look like my father yeah yeah you do
man pretty much and the nose
Anthony Anderson Sean Patrick Thomas Eve
and Cedric the Entertainer yo daddy
he believed there's some as simple as a
little haircut cacain way man felt on
the inside sometimes finding this
strength
get out to do what's right hey go your
money back I'm putting it right here on
the table man you're gonna take this
money you're gonna take this money it's
in the people we can't joke straight in
the barber shop didn't work here we talk
straight right beside you run the key
should've got beef or ground drunk and
being grown in handi barber shop hey
y'all look at this lady we got a guy in
red camera oh we know that's a good car
guy wanted him I just bought one see
this move when he get to his faith gonna
be real smooth like Gary Coleman